# 100% Winning Quotex OTC Patterns for Binary Trading

## Introduction

In the world of binary trading, finding patterns that can predict market
movements is crucial for success. Quotex, a leading binary trading
platform, offers traders access to a wide range of assets and OTC
(over-the-counter) markets, making it an ideal platform for
pattern-based trading.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

In this article, we will explore 20 of the most effective Quotex OTC
patterns that can help you increase your winning percentage. These
patterns have been tested and proven to have a high success rate, so you
can trust them to guide your trading decisions.

## Pattern Type 1: 2 Green 2 Red Pattern

This pattern occurs when the market experiences two consecutive green
candles, followed by two consecutive red candles. The next candle is
highly likely to be red, providing a short-selling opportunity.

!["2](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic1.jpg\%22){green=""
2="" red="" pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 2: Side Ways Pattern

In this pattern, the first candle is green, the second candle is red,
and the third candle is green with a wick that breaks down. The fourth
candle is expected to be red, offering a sell signal.

!["Side](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic2.jpg\%22){ways=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 3: OTC Market - 9 Candle Pattern

This pattern works both in uptrends and downtrends. In a downtrend,
eight consecutive red candles indicate a high probability of a ninth red
candle. Conversely, in an uptrend, eight green candles suggest a likely
ninth green candle.

!["9](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic3.jpg\%22){candle=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 4: 1 Red 2 Green Pattern

Look for a red candle with a longer tail than the head of the second
green candle. This setup usually leads to a third green candle,
providing a buy signal.

!["1](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic4.jpg\%22){red=""
2="" green="" pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 5: Side Way Pattern

This pattern involves two consecutive red candles, but the head of the
second candle should not break out above the first candle. The third
candle is typically green, and the fourth candle is a strong sell
signal.

## Pattern Type 6: Live Market Pattern

This simple pattern consists of a red candle, a green candle, and two
more red candles. The fourth red candle is a strong sell signal.

## Pattern Type 7: Live Market Pattern

This pattern begins with a red candle, followed by two consecutive green
candles. The fourth candle is usually red, providing a short-selling
opportunity.

## Pattern Type 8: Live Market Pattern

Similar to Pattern Type 7, but this pattern starts with a green candle
instead of a red candle. The fourth candle is expected to be green,
indicating a buy signal.

## Pattern Type 9: Live Market Pattern

This pattern features three green candles followed by a red candle with
a long tail. The fourth candle is likely to be green, presenting a buy
opportunity.

## Pattern Type 10: Live Market Pattern

The opposite of Pattern Type 9, this pattern consists of three red
candles followed by a green candle with a long head. The fourth candle
is usually red, suggesting a sell signal.

## Pattern Type 11: 3 Normal Back to Back Red Candles

In this pattern, you will see three consecutive normal red candles. The
fourth candle is expected to be green, providing a buy signal.

!["3](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic5.jpg\%22){normal=""
to="" back="" red="" candles"=""}

## Pattern Type 12: 2 Red Candles and 2 Green Candles

This pattern involves two red candles followed by two green candles that
do not break out below the first two candles. The fourth candle is
usually red, indicating a sell signal.

## Pattern Type 13: Resistance Level Breakout

If you notice the market retesting a resistance level multiple times and
finally breaking out, it\'s a strong indication of a reversal. Look for
a red candle after the breakout for a short-selling opportunity.

## Pattern Type 14: Horizontal Line Breakout

Draw a horizontal line between the first two green candles after a red
candle. If the market breaks below this line with a red candle, trade in
the same direction.

## Pattern Type 15: Magic "V" Pattern

When the market forms a "V" shape and breaks out the horizontal
line, a reversal is likely. If it\'s a "V" pattern, look for a
green candle; if it\'s an inverted "V", look for a red candle.

## Pattern Type 16: Uptrend Pattern

This pattern occurs in an uptrend and consists of three to four
consecutive green candles followed by a red candle. The next candle is
expected to be green, providing a buy signal.

!["Uptrend](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic6.jpg\%22){pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 17: Downtrend Pattern

Similar to the Uptrend Pattern, but this pattern occurs in a downtrend.
Three to four consecutive red candles followed by a green candle
indicate a likely red candle, suggesting a sell signal.

## Pattern Type 18: Side Way Pattern

This pattern starts with a long red candle, three green candles, and
another red candle. These candles should not break out of the resistance
level. The fifth candle is likely to be red, offering a short-selling
opportunity.

## Pattern Type 19: Side Way Pattern

Similar to Pattern Type 18, but this pattern begins with a long green
candle. Three red candles and another green candle indicate a likely
green candle, providing a buy signal.

!["Side](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic7.jpg\%22){way=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 20: Downtrend Pattern

This pattern occurs in a downtrend and features two red candles, a green
candle, and a fourth red candle that should not break below the green
candle. The fifth red candle is a strong sell signal.

!["Downtrend](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic8.jpg\%22){pattern"=""}

## Conclusion

By understanding and using these 20 effective Quotex OTC patterns,
binary traders can increase their chances of success significantly.
Remember, it\'s crucial to practice and test these patterns in a demo
account before implementing them in live trading. Disciplined trading
and proper risk management are key to achieving consistent profits in
the binary trading market. [Start Trading with
Quotex](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22){."btn
btn-primary"=""}

\`\`\`

